README.md, before:

Jet-Set-Gamify
==============

This repo serves as the technical half of the tutorial series **[Jet-Set-Gamify](https://blog.playlyfe.com/jet-set-gamify-making-a-gamified-todo-app)**

> The Jet-Set-Gamify tutorial series focusses on helping you create a kick-ass Gamified app from scratch using the Playlyfe Platform.

Hello there! Are you looking to use **[Gamification](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gamification "Read more on Wikipedia")** in one of your apps? We can help you with that! Wanna to see how? This series will show you how!

In this tutorial series, we'll take a look at how we can gamify an existing web-app using Playlyfe without writing much code. Your application could be anything — a website, a mobile fitness tracker, traffic speed guns — but for simplicity, we will only be creating a simple, but gamified, todo application.

If you are new to the Playlyfe platform, We would highly recommend that you have a look at our [Getting Started](https://dev.playlyfe.com/guides/getting-started.html "A guide of great proportions awaits you!") guide which will give you a quick overview of the platform and its components. Don't worry if you don't understand some things, we will try to cover all the basics in this tutorial.

### Running
This app requires you to start a web-server. Any webserver would do, but for simplicity's sake, we'll be working with [nodejs](http://nodejs.org/download/).

Clone this repo onto your local computer with:

```
git clone https://github.com/playlyfe/jet-set-gamify.git
```
and make this project's **public** folder accessible from your browser.

The simplest way (with nodejs) will be to run the following script in the root of your folder:
```
npm install
npm start
```

Commit message:

add License and other minor changes to the readme

README.md, after:

Jet-Set-Gamify
==============

This repo serves as the technical half of the tutorial series **[Jet-Set-Gamify](https://blog.playlyfe.com/jet-set-gamify-making-a-gamified-todo-app)**

> The Jet-Set-Gamify tutorial series focusses on helping you create a kick-ass Gamified app from scratch using the Playlyfe Platform.

Hello there! Are you looking to use **[Gamification](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gamification "Read more on Wikipedia")** in one of your apps? We can help you with that! Wanna to see how? This series will show you how!

In this tutorial series, we'll take a look at how we can gamify an existing web-app using Playlyfe without writing much code. Your application could be anything — a website, a mobile fitness tracker, traffic speed guns — but for simplicity, we will only be creating a simple, but gamified, todo application.

### Running
This app requires you to start a web-server. Any webserver would do, but for simplicity's sake, we'll be working with [nodejs](http://nodejs.org/download/).

Clone this repo onto your local computer with:

```
git clone https://github.com/playlyfe/jet-set-gamify.git
```
and make this project's **public** folder accessible from your browser.

The simplest way (with nodejs) will be to run the following script in the root of your folder:
```
npm install
npm start
```

This would run a simple local web server and you can view the application at [http://localhost:8081](http://localhost:8081) in your browser.

You can also play around with the [live demo](http://playlyfe.github.io/jet-set-gamify/).

## License

    Playlyfe Tutorial App v0.0.1
    http://dev.playlyfe.com/
    Copyright(c) 2013-2014, Playlyfe IT Solutions Pvt. Ltd, support@playlyfe.com

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
    of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
    in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
    to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
    copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
    furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
    all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
    IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
    FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
    AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
    LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
    OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
    THE SOFTWARE.
